Is Georgie mine?
Of course Georgie is yours!
He's our little boy!
James isn't Georgie's father.
- But you said...
- I didn't give birth to him.
You be as cavalier as you
wish with your marriage,
but not with Georgie.
He is a Bligh.
He will be raised by us.
Bear all the shame and part with my son?
That is truly a Bligh solution.
So what now?
The truth.
There's just one little thing
I need you to do for me.
Could you teach me Italian?
I could pay you.
He's taught me a few words already.
You'll be quite the Italiana
before you're done.
You're not interested
in what I've written.
Your subject matter, no.
Perhaps Sir Richard might
advise on the way forward.
No. Anna would rather
succeed on her own merits.
Give me a kiss.
He forced himself on me.
He won't get away with this.
I think your mother was
wrong about Sir Richard.
Will you fetch me my book?
It's in my top drawer there.
Whatever was between us,
George, you're a married man.
- Nothing else matters.
- I'm equally unavailable.
We will be together, Sarah.
For one so young
to take her life.
And then to use...
If it hadn't been your mixture,
she would have used something else.
If she killed herself.
What if she didn't?
Your husband shot George Bligh.
- I don't see what that...
- It's all right, Jack.
I hear you're a Communist, too.
The new Mrs. Bligh and I have
formed a delightful intimacy.
Imagine my thrill the other
day when she visited me
and even stayed to help
me with my little tasks.
To what do I owe this displeasure?
How does it feel to be a murderer?
- Sync and corrections by Mr.C -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I had no idea the depth
of your heartbreak.
These are the ravings
of someone unhinged.
You visited Doris. You
poisoned the tonic.
And somehow the bottles were mislabeled.
You would say anything
to take George from me.
How can you live with
killing an innocent woman?
- It was suicide.
- But it wasn't.
And they have proof.
It's become a murder investigation.
There it is.
- Fear.
- I'm simply surprised.
That's what I came for...
the flicker of truth.
Where are you going?
Now you've confirmed it, the police.
Let me save you the bother.
Yes. Mildred.
Call Sergeant Taylor and tell
him he's required at Ash Park.
Yes, urgently.
He hates Communists, I hear,
even more than his predecessor.
"The Reds are amongst us, Sergeant."
The Petrovs prove it.
She's out to destroy my
husband by accusing me.
"She may well have killed Miss
Davis to that very end."
Who will he believe?
I'll make a most persuasive argument.
Riddled with supposition
from a bitter ex-fiancée.
You know, I unearthed more
in Europe than darling René.
Quite the dossier.
What you did to survive the camp,
its liberation by the Russians a
perfect chance to recruit you,
and then months in an asylum,
all of which makes you
a mad Commie whore.
Exactly how I'll characterize
you to the sergeant.
And I'll tell him all I know.
Of which you have no proof.
None.
Checkmate, I think.
Milly Davis was a young woman
with her entire life ahead of her...
Oh, get out before you're thrown out!
And if anyone hears your
theory, especially George,
the world hears you survived the war
by spreading your legs
for the Wehrmacht!
You won't get away with this.
Expect a visit from the sergeant.
I've kept yours warm.
It's on the stove right here.
I'm not hungry.
You can't waste good tucker,
especially not in your condition.
I'm sorry.
I want this on record,
simply to protect against
further attempts to malign me.
You're sure you don't
want her charged...
trespass, false accusation?
She left of her own accord.
Well, I'll see she gets a
good warning, at least.
Her ravings are so bizarre.
I really can't take her seriously.
Thanks for this.
It helps to know.
Forewarned is forearmed.
But please... just between us.
It gives me leverage in silencing her.
Whatever you say, ma'am.
And naturally, as so much
is sensitive material,
once read, I would like it returned.
Thank you.
I used to stand at the
front gates as a child
and wonder what it was like in here.
I was born here.
In Inverness?
Left when I was 12.
So, is it as you imagined?
Not as grand.
A child's mind.
Of course, it is
properties such as these
that the Communists
have in their sights.
What's one of their sayings?
"The last capitalist we hang
will be the one that sold us the rope."
We think as one.
Do you still have family in the area?
No, ma'am.
A wife?
No.
Got a kid. He's with her.
Well, I'll sleep sounder knowing
you're back amongst us.
I hope so, ma'am.
You, a killer.
As insane as the woman herself.
Good night, ma'am.
Come in.
We have things to resolve.
Oh.
I did not expect to see you.
I come with an olive branch.
Please. Sit.
I wanted to talk about our situation.
Father has something germane to offer.
And then you can discuss
your own issues.
- Drink?
- Sherry.
I'll see to it.
The election is in four weeks.
Father is concerned
about party confidence
should his leadership sniff scandal.
Sir Arthur Fadden is
staunchly conservative.
What do you want?
A delay in the inevitable.
Your return to Ash Park.
At least until
after the election.
And if I'm successful,
at least until I'm well
settled in office.
Six months at most.
You send Carolyn to threaten me
with the law, then ask this?
I'm hoping you can see
your way past that.
You're happy to embrace it?
I think we could carry it off.
For Father.
And for yourselves.
In this current atmosphere, my
opponents may seize on things.
The gutter press would relish it.
You and... this artist.
James, open to speculation.
I see.
If we could discuss it alone.
Of course.
I do understand if it's no.
I sincerely hope, once
I've said my piece.
When you asked me at Ash Park,
I hadn't the courage to admit the truth.
Georgie is...
He is our little boy.
But, James...
our own child died in the womb.
- Welcome.
- Thank you.
- Miss Bligh?
- Yes.
Sir Richard.
Oh. Thank you, Carl.
Beauty runs in the Bligh
line, young Anna.
Well, so do brains, Sir Richard.
I see. One of these new women.
"Like me for my mind."
Well, I'm here to discuss publishing,
so that would suggest so.
But still you're tizzied
up and out to dazzle.
Seems you want it both ways.
Well, you're rather tizzied up yourself.
Oh. Touché.
So, Dymphna Cusack, Eleanor
Dark, Christina Stead,
and now Anna Bligh.
Let's see what we can
do to make it happen.
James?
I did do it for love.
Please don't be angry.
I'm not.
You must be...
I'm not... angry.
After my deceit in marrying you,
I have no right to take
the moral high ground.
I'm...
sad.
It's just...
It's just so sad.
To move past all that pain
and find enough love to
motivate your actions.
It makes where we've ended
all the more tragic.
Perhaps you should fully absorb it...
before we discuss anything further.
The family should know.
Olivia.
Could I see him?
Georgie.
"Va fangool."
You're a... You're a spirited filly.
You know what it means?
Every good businessman
knows how to say it
in as many languages as possible.
- Young ladies, however...
- Oh, shouldn't say it at all?
Only on very select occasions.
Mind you, this, uh, Cowan
chap does have a point
about the public not being
interested in mixed marriages.
I disagree. I think that
the story of my husband...
The dago... damn fine
fellow in question.
Ah.
The way I see it... you're
ahead of the times.
Write something you want to
say that they'll want to buy.
I'd rather challenge them.
You challenge me.
You're intelligent, talented,
you crack blue jokes with
a wink, not a snigger.
I hope your dago appreciates you.
No. Just pulling your leg.
Right. Sweets and then home.
I'm s...
I'm sorry.
It's all right.
It's all right. It's all right.
I understand. I understand.
I don't.
I have a few of these.
Well, thank you.
I-I just...
It meant the world to me
to be taken seriously
by someone like you.
To everyone their due.
Gentleman's privilege.
Tell me how the meetings go, huh?
- Good night.
Are you coming to bed?
Soon.
Nothing I did?
No.
They're all looking
forward to meeting you.
Tomorrow.
The beach.
Oh. I...
Don't even think about canceling.
It'll distract you from this.
Whatever this is.
Oh, I'm late.
Get back.
Go on. Just this once.
We can avoid the sniping in here.
Regina. She up?
I didn't see her.
You could always stay with me.
I wouldn't give her the satisfaction.
She's out to isolate George to herself.
Ta.
I'm sorry about last night.
I just needed comfort.
If you want me to keep away
from the mongrel, fine.
You can't ignore what
it's doing to us, though.
I can block out what he did...
until we were intimate.
I love you.
I know.
There have been a lot of men
in my life, by my choice.
Now there is you... again.
And I never want another man.
But one forced himself on me
using every man who came
before to justify it.
And he's made me feel... cheap
and disgusting and...
unworthy.
Hey. Of me?
- I can't help it.
- No.
- No. N-No. Hey. Shh.
- You deserve so much more, Jack.
- You...
- Hey. Hey. Hey.
I'm here.
Always.
I wonder what he wants.
Has he got anything to do
with you being out of sorts?
I thought as much.
You've seen Regina Bligh, I assume.
Let's get one thing straight up.
I don't buy your bullshit.
Can we at least talk about
your preconceptions of me?
No.
So you're taking her word as gospel?
I've no reason not to.
Regina meant the poison for me.
If not her, who did kill Milly?
She went to Doris Collins',
- she doctored the tonic...
- And then the labels got mixed.
That's what she said you'd say.
All right. If not that,
give me a theory.
Well, here's what I know.
You were the first one
to suggest murder.
"Look! I found a letter."
You were covering up for your mischief.
So you would rather think that
I killed an innocent woman
for some bizarre Communist plot
than that Regina was out to harm me?
Yeah.
That's insane.
Spot on.
I've seen plenty of killers,
none like Mrs. Bligh.
You think this is funny?
Six months?
They're asking a lot of you.
At most.
They may not want you now.
I hope not.
And if they do?
They won't.
But if they do?
George does have a point about scandal.
And baby Georgie?
Scandal would blight all of our futures.
And animosity.
What's best for Georgie is what's right.
Mm.
We'll come through it.
Nothing will come between us.
That's all I needed to hear.
Thank you.
There's no need to rush.
There's a whole life ahead of us.
Promise you won't do anything foolish.
Right place, right time, he'll pay.
Your carnal romps need curbing.
We have impressionable young staff.
If they can survive you,
they can survive me.
Tears this morning.
Such turmoil everywhere.
The police investigating
Frau Nordmann as a Communist
and Gino having female company.
Sarah's no Red.
Gino's certainly no philanderer.
You, however, are a bitch.
And invaluable to my husband.
Yes. Mildred. I need a Sydney number.
Sir Richard Bennett.
Can you see that duck?
Can you see Mr. Ducky there?
The doctor doesn't
want you getting upset.
Oh, I'm glad you told me.
It's unimaginable.
I accept her intentions, however
misguided, were well meant.
How are you feeling?
Confused.
And Georgie?
He's my boy.
But he's not blood, James.
He's still my son.
No one's to say otherwise.
And your love for him?
Unchanged.
I want him and Olivia at Ash Park.
It allows us time to decide what's best.
Well, then I think the three of
you should return to Ash Park
and... resolve your futures
whilst ensuring your
father's political one.
The issue of the inheritance
must be clarified.
In due course, George.
In the meantime, my
darling, you have a task.
I appreciate you agreeing to this.
Hello, little man.
He's well?
He is.
He's the innocent in this.
Perhaps the only one.
I have to ask...
Is there no hope for you and James?
No.
Then I accept...
with regret.
I expected more severity.
We're trying our best to understand.
You know what bloodline means to us.
James had been through hell.
Having committed to the
lie, what was I supposed...
If your marriage had survived,
would you have allowed
Georgie to inherit?
Yes.
I see.
He would have been the
product of Bligh love
and Bligh upbringing.
That is more important than blood.
I find your attitude antiquated.
Perhaps.
I've simply come here to ask you
if you can accommodate my request.
If not for me... think of yourselves.
Would it be possible without rancor?
With luck, it may bring healing.
Give you a chance to...
plan Georgie's future.
Yes.
You'll come?
For James, for Georgie.
Not for the man who threatened
to drag me into court.
I deserve that.
You do.
Thank you.
Do you think you could pick
that rubbish up, please,
pop it in the bin?
Thank you.
Excuse me, Miss. You're a Jew, right?
Well, I converted to marry a Jewish man.
What's that mean?
I changed my religion.
Really? You can do that?
Yes, you can.
Wouldn't that make God mad?
I don't think so.
But the Jews killed Jesus, right?
The Romans did that.
Not the Jews?
No.
Oh.
Reverend Green sure got it wrong, then.
Telephone for you.
A trunk call.
Hello?
I was being discreet not giving my name.
Of course.
It's good to hear your voice.
Is everything all right? You're well?
Yes. Yes.
Well, my... my time here has
not been without its problems.
Mother appreciated your card.
Well, I've been concerned. We all have.
She wouldn't be with us if
she hadn't have managed
to pull down the telephone.
I regret my bombastic
approach at our last meeting.
My timing was poor.
It was, but I understand.
I return next week. I have
an important engagement.
But when I'm done... we'll speak?
I would like that.
I hope you're well.
Uh, yes.
And our mutual friend is thriving.
Best not on the line.
Of course.
Good.
Everything else?
I just put my foot in it with
one of the students here,
but apart from that...
Well, I won't keep you.
I simply...
I miss you.
Rightly or wrongly, I...
I have to say that.
I'm glad you called.
I feel better for it.
Soon.
When you can, George.
Catch him!
Hey, it's Henry and his new chap.
James Bligh. Who'd have thought?
He was two years above me at school.
Many steamy nights in the dorm?
Sadly, no.
Henry!
Christopher!
Come on in!
Oh!
I shouldn't have come.
Oh, you need distraction.
I'm not sure I need this.
They're my friends.
And your friends, too,
if you'll let them.
Coming in?
Soon.
I expect a full report upon my return.
Yes, ma'am.
And don't forgo our little project.
I won't.
I'm sure Gino appreciates your company.
If Miss Carolyn asks, say
I'm off to be invaluable.
Are you ready?
Yes.
This will sustain me in your absence.
Do I really look like that?
I told you... You are my new muse.
Even when I'm abandoning you?
Ah. Only for a time.
I've had a thought.
Rather than my mooching here,
just waiting for the time to be
over, why don't I go on ahead?
To England?
I mean, you could arrange introductions,
see I'm well part of society,
perhaps even with commissions.
And by the time we face your family,
I would be much more acceptable.
Oh, it... it does make sense.
Unless you'll need my support.
No.
No. It would stop me
worrying about you, in fact.
Good.
And it is a show of faith
in what's to come.
Exactly.
I will be the darling of the
Mayfair set in no time.
I rather like that.
All the bright young things.
Yes. It'll be like living
a novel by Evelyn Waugh.
I am rather funds-depleted, however.
- I'm not.
- No. No, no, no.
I couldn't possibly...
Don't be silly.
Of course I'll pay.
The more I consider it,
the more it solves.
Our future.
Henry. Henry.
I'm sorry.
This makes you uncomfortable.
I'm just not used to it.
It's just playfulness.
It's not sexuality.
Four nearly naked men falling
on top of each other.
We can control ourselves.
Honestly, the myth of the
salivating predator.
I'm on my soapbox. I apologize.
No. Please.
It's just that, as with
any group of outsiders,
we're defined by our worst.
Even our own sometimes fear us.
Here, we can just be ourselves.
And if others stumble across you?
Then it's two paces apart
and back into hiding.
We come in all shapes and sizes, James.
Better put you on the payroll.
Doctor's aid and comfort.
Too much?
Never too much.
I like watching you work.
Doctor, if I may?
Miss Carolyn!
Uh, can it wait?
Come in, Doris.
I won't take a moment.
I fear my reputation may be at risk.
What are you on about?
Mm.
Ah. It's knocked the
election off the front page.
That's for sure.
Sergeant Taylor has asked
if anyone may have
tampered with the tonic
before it left my house.
He's just doing his job.
Well, I vehemently assured him not.
There you are, then.
But my young boarders, my
visitors, their good names.
Even my own.
There are tongues in Inverness
willing to wag at the worst...
For God's sakes.
They won't see you harboring
the local Lucrezia Borgia.
The what?
A famous poisoner of the Renaissance.
Oh, yes. Leticia Borgia.
I know her well.
As long as there are those
who will defend me and mine.
Is that it, then?
It is. And many thanks.
I leave reassured.
Apart from the fact that we
have a murderer in our midst.
Whatever you're sulking about, stop.
Come here.
What is it?
How many of them have you had?
I beg your pardon.
Have you had sex with them all?
I left my wife for you.
The truth?
Yes.
Christopher and I were lovers.
Were.
You were all over him in the water.
And it would have been you
if you'd deigned to join us
instead of sitting on your towel
like some judgmental prude.
I don't want you seeing them again.
You don't want...
James, I'm not Olivia.
And I'm not Christopher.
It's been a long day.
Maybe it was too much too soon.
I mean it.
I'm gonna put this down to
whatever's on your mind.
Don't take that out on me.
Music to my ears...
"We're releasing you, Mrs. Bligh."
As long as Anna is happy to stay on.
She said as much.
Surprise!
Look who I stumbled over on my way in.
Sir Richard. What a surprise.
I've been so concerned.
I've come here today with
thoughts for the campaign.
It's so fortuitous to
have you with us, Dicky.
George, I feel a sudden weariness.
I'd like your opinion, too.
Let's hear her out, and
then I'm gonna be off.
I don't want to tire the patient.
As I dined last night, I
had a startling idea.
Yes?
I took it upon myself to
call a contact in Canberra
and check the prime minister's schedule.
Mr. Menzies and Dame Pattie
are in Sydney next week...
with time to spare.
This close to the election, I doubt it.
An event was canceled.
Let's invite them down for dinner.
- We can't do that.
- Why not?
The protocol. The distance.
Well, if it's inconvenient,
they'll simply decline.
Nothing ventured, nothing win, I say.
She's a bloody marvel, your wife.
"Vote for the man who had
the PM at his table."
- I'm not being overly ambitious?
- Oh, no such thing.
Let's see what we can manage, George.
Ladies.
He chose well, your son.
I'll be here in the morning
to see you discharged.
We'll meet for dinner.
I'll make the arrangements.
Well, thank her, man.
Thank you for thinking of my campaign.
Of you.
A kiss wouldn't kill you.
I should bloody think so.
That sort of thing is
gold with the voters.
It's such a shame your health
prevents you attending.
Well, if it happens.
It will.
As I say, pity you're infirm.
Nurse!
Trouble is only really trouble,
um, if no good comes of it.
We've both been circling
around this for too long.
The whole marriage business.
You know... Where would we live?
How is it gonna work?
This, that, the other.
You know what last night
and today proved?
What?
Mongrel can't hurt us.
And you like watching me work.
That's... That's marriage talk to me.
Let's set a date.
After the election so we don't
steal George's thunder.
Husband and wife.
All the rest will happen in time.
Yes?
Yes.
Zeramtam shena yihyu
ba'boker ke'hasir yahalof.
Ba'boker yasitz ve'halaf...
Just set up a couple of
cold ones on the veranda.
Sorry.
It's fine.
Having a bit of a chat, eh?
Sometimes it helps
to feel he's near.
Well, it's there where you want it.
That copper Taylor get
what he was after?
He's more obnoxious
than Franklin ever was.
I'm in your corner. You know that.
If that helps.
My hero.
Any time.
Actually, it might help.
He'll never make a case against you.
Or Regina, sadly, even
if he was inclined.
This stuff that she's got on you...
Deeply private.
But as much as I'd prefer no one knew,
she could tell the world if
it meant seeing her charged.
But it won't.
Not without a lot more than
supposition against her.
So what can you do?
Back off. Let her think she's safe.
And then?
Call in the heavy artillery.
- Done?
- And dusted.
Thank you for your assistance.
It was a grand idea.
Old Lizzie looked like
she'd sucked on a lemon.
I'll deliver her an entire
citrus orchard before I'm done.
Hopefully it will
promote another attack.
Remind me never to cross you.
You should go.
We don't want George
suspecting collusion.
Well, it's for his own benefit.
He's best left with the
illusion of being at the wheel.
This answers one question.
I always wondered how someone
piss-weak like Charles
ever made a mark.
Well, behind every good man...
Is a bad woman?
Well, bad in a good way.
Of course.
She's so hideous.
How can Father marry someone like that?
Can't he see through that mask?
Shh, shh, shh, shh.
Ah. Thank you.
Very good.
Well, he can see through the
mask, but others can't.
And she may well have
secured George's election
with this dinner.
Her mask is well in place.
Let's go back tomorrow,
then, help to loosen it.
Tempting, but not yet.
Soon.
Timing, my darling.
Timing is everything.
♪ When I look in your eyes ♪
♪ I see brand-new tomorrows ♪
♪ Filled with pink-salmon skies ♪
♪ With no trouble or sorrows ♪
♪ When you're wrapped in my arms ♪
♪ Feel how strongly my heart beats ♪
♪ Beating only for you ♪
♪ Two lovers complete ♪
♪ Whispered words in the wind... ♪
Is there anything I can get you, Miss?
Oh! Rose.
Uh, no.
That'll be all. Thank you.
What's this song called, Miss?
"The Beauty of Love."
Oh.
Would you take it off, please?
Yes, Miss.
Good night, Rose.
Buona notte, Miss.
You mustn't be cross.
I'd come to check with you,
but there was Sir Richard.
My enthusiasm got the better of me.
Thankfully, it's all come together.
- We have them?
- Wednesday next.
Oh, George! A triumph!
It is.
Oh, your success is my success.
We may only be a political partnership,
but what a formidable one we shall be.
Champagne.
Sit down, you silly mongrel.
What do you want?
I've got no quarrel with you.
And you shouldn't have
with her, neither.
What can I do for you, Sergeant?
When you got one unsolved case,
you dig through the rest,
look for patterns.
Found one.
A Bert Ford.
Headed off, they say,
but no one's seen him.
Wasn't a friend of yours.
His mate reckons you slapped him down.
And not girlie, either.
I had no cause to like him.
Any to get rid of him?
Now, listen here, Sergeant...
No one goes missing without a reason.
And people are unlucky around you.
If you're asking if I
killed Bert Ford, no.
Maybe Mrs. Bligh knocked
him off as well, eh?
Open your eyes, son.
My money's on the Commie
Yid for both of them.
Cop or no cop,
- I'm gonna deck you right now.
- Roy. Roy!
I am Jewish.
And my politics are left-wing,
and I'm proud of both.
Now, get out,
and don't come back unless
you have an arrest warrant.
You heard her.
You've backed the wrong horse, mate.
Better than a bob each way on a mongrel.
Bert Ford.
- Sync and corrections by Mr.C -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org